Don't worry, I won't be sleeping on that matter.
As long as you obediently leave the Gu family.
No more pestering brother Gu Xun.
I won’t make things difficult for you for the rest of your life.
I can even help you. Think of me.
At eight o'clock on the six banks, I went to Shuiyun with my head to perform the Xuanwa Po Blowing.
As long as you can negotiate this project.
I applied like a company.
I'll give you one million guns.
How about it.
This is an intentional moment at this time.
Why would you give it to me.
I want to make you a deal.
Aren't you short of money?
Let me help you with the meal. Let me help you with the meal. Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, try it test conditions
You are never allowed to appear in front of Brother Gu Xu again.